Why are you so angry? You haven't said anything for so long, right?
Why do you care so much about their people?
Make things difficult for me. Since you're fine, I'll take you away.
No, I'll wait until I get on stage.
You want to say, this is not good,
I didn’t say that last time. I learned it well,
It still works. This watch is already like this.
I think it's best to change your mind.
Don't say it anymore, it's naturally very good,
Not so much before. The boss wants to throw him away,
I can't keep it. Small set.
I won't let you feel ashamed, Mom. Why are you still here?
You really think I dare not take action. Seriously let me share. yes.
Why do you still need to remind me?
If I leave
You can't do this with your eyes.
You shouldn't be able to say
Are you burning your eyes out again?
Burning eyes in half a knot
Even though you told me
It doesn't matter if Haton half-burns Dahui
But this won’t stop you, hurry up
Nope Nope